# CSE110-FA22-GROUP17
## Meeting Topic: Weekly meeting
### 10/26/2022 

## Member Attendance:
- [x] Alex
- [x] Aiden
- [x] Alan
- [x] Alwin
- [ ] Katherine
- [ ] Raon
- [x] Sameer
- [x] Sohil
- [x] Yiyang
- [x] Yuheng

## Agenda:
  Sprint review
## Review: 
 - **CI-pipelines set up**
 - **More streamlined workflow set up on GitHub**
 - **HTML files are still being work on - Good progress**
 - **More work on the stylesheet needs to be done.**
 - **Backend work needs to start and pick up the pace**
 - **High Fidelity Wireframes done**
 - **Brief overview given regarding databases and API: Firebase and Eventmaster**
  
 
   

## TODO List:
 - **Finish up CSS styling sheet**
 - **Get the backend work going**
