# CSE110-FA22-GROUP17
## Meeting Topic: Weekly meeting
### 10/26/2022 

## Member Attendance:
- [x] Alex
- [x] Aiden
- [x] Alan
- [x] Alwin
- [ ] Katherine
- [ ] Raon
- [x] Sameer
- [x] Sohil
- [x] Yiyang
- [x] Yuheng

## Agenda:
  Spring review
## Discussion Notes: 
 - **CI-pipelines set up**
 - **MOST HTML files are finished, still need to work on the stylesheet.**
 - **Start the backend work**
 - ** Wirefarmes finalized**
  
 
   

## TODO List:
 - **Finish up HSS styling sheet**
 - **Get the backend work going**
